Dear V. Balakrishnan Sir,


I see huge opportunity in investment banking industry and would like to share same.I have divided the initial communication into below mentioned points.


My background:
I have been working with Infosys for last 7 years in differnt verticals like FSI and Retail.I have active interest in equity research, portfolio management and have been studying this field for last 4 years.I belong to middle class family from Meerut and i am youngest of 4 siblings.I had deep interest in Physics and now investment field enthrals me.


Objective:
I believe that investment industry in India and emerging economies is still in nascent stage and the growth process has just begun.There are crores of investors who are now realizing the power of investment products.A Lot of work needs to be done to make this industry organized , lot needs to be done to educate our individual investors so that they can take better investment decisions, lot needs to be done by investment banks and asset management firms to bring all these  individual investors on board , lot needs to be done by Securities and exchange commissions to make investment process transparent to investors.
The objective is to make investment process transparent , organized ,understandable and accessible to individual investors.


How to achieve:
We need to provide an organized investment platform to individual investors ,  exchange and security boards.This platform solution will be used  by individual investors for educating themselves , for taking investment decision.It will be used by exchange and security boards to present right , verified and processed information. In other worlds , Exchanges have to implement this product into their system which can be used by investors.


Status of work:
The platform is in prototype stage.Around 90% prototype work is done.


Next Steps:
The platform will revolutionize the investment banking industry.Need mentorship to refine the vision .We need a technical team which can work on the final product and also domain experts who can enhance the product functionally.Once fully ready , we can start this product from India and then go to exchages around the world.

 
I am sure that there will be question on business model , feasibility , sustainability and competitive advantage.I will be more than happy to answer any questions in this context.I am looking for guidance , mentorship and more than everything a hand on shoulder to guide me during up and downs in achieving the objective.  
Please let me know if the opportunity can be discussed further.



Thanks
Nitin Kumar

Infoscion, Learner, Investor




shibu , balakv 
